###  business analysis of the fucking anti-money laundering

&nbsp;&nbsp; Anti-money laundering is a  not good choice, at least in China,  see the  analysis of anti-money laundering below.

####  business analysis of anti-money laundering in Europe and North America

&nbsp;&nbsp; you can search the annual report of RELX,  one of the biggest company that have anti-money laundering business, and  their mainly business operators in Europe and North America, where the financial system is quite mature, and the governments pay more attentions to the anti-money laundering problem. In other words, RELX earns the most of profit and represents the   ceriling   that one anti-money laundering company can reach. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; see this introduction  of RELX: at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RELX .

&nbsp;&nbsp; see this annual report of RELX at: https://www.relx.com/~/media/Files/R/RELX-Group/documents/reports/annual-reports/2019-annual-report.pdf. 
On page 137,  the section of "ANALYSIS BY BUSINESS SEGMENT", you can see that the revenue of  "Risk & Business Analytics" segment is only 2,316 £m in 2019, and anti-money laundering only a part of it. See the detail at: https://www.relx.com/our-business/market-segments/risk-and-business-analytics. the market of the fucking  anti-money laundering  is so small that most of company with not pay it, I never heard any large company will take the fucking anti-money laundering as its main business and they never will. I have nerver heard about RELX before, I know about the company of  RELX because I  spent many time  searching on google to survey just for telling you that the status of the fucking many laundering in Europe and North America, where the financial system is quite mature, and the governments pay more attentions, but the profit is also extremly low. 

####  business analysis of anti-money laundering in  China
&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are a Chinese people, you could browse the flowing websites, which are more relevant. If you are not familiar with Chinese, then I will tell you the relevant statistics directly. The total amount of fines for  anti-money laundering  received by thousands of banks and financial institutions in China is :  2017, less than  1 hundred million ¥； 2019， 1.7 hundred million ¥ ； 2020， 6.28  hundred million ¥. Although the fine grows rapidly, but it still means nothing to thounds of  banks and financial institutions in China on average.  If you you do not trust me, you can use google translate to browse this information on your own.

&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-money laundering report in 2017: https://cj.sina.com.cn/articles/view/6359922816/17b14b880019005tfl

&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-money laundering report in 2019: http://m.sinotf.com/News/index/id/340666

&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-money laundering report in 2020, https://baijiahao.baidu.com/s?id=1688575675962389447&wfr=spider&for=pc

&nbsp;&nbsp; money laundering about two of Chinese biggest bank HongKong(Asia) department with its executives involved, if you are interested, search on  yourself.
I can not say too much here.

&nbsp;&nbsp; According to the  information in the  website  above, the fine of anti-money laundering in a whole year for all of banks in China may even not exceed the turnover of Apple, MicroSoft in a single day, do you believe that, all of banks, a whole year.  There are thousands of financial company in china, which means the average fine of anti-money laundering for each financial company  is incrediable low, even not  enough to hire people to do that.   If you are a student in China,  I strongly suggest you stop doing anti-money laundering, you will know how hard it would be  to find a job when you are about graduate from school, but it was too late.  And it will be similar, both the fine of anti-money laundering and the difficulty for you to find a job in many other countries. In Europe and North America, the situation may be better， because  the financial system is quite mature there, and the governments pay more attentions to the anti-money laundering problem.    In China, I have never heard of any listed company  whose primary business is anti-money laundering, and I have never heard bankruptcy beacause of anti-money laundering problem around the world.   

### second: read the paragraph below, Stop doing the fucking anti-money laundering

&nbsp;&nbsp; Anti-money laundering is useless in most of countries, where you can not find any good job，but only get suffers during job interview. And, normly, add some rule in the bank system is good enough to do anti-money laundering,  there is seldom need for artificial intelligence and algorithm to do it. If you do not know what to do, software development is a good choice, if you really do not know what to do, sleeping in bed is a much better choice, at least you do nothing and get nothing. The man who says anti-money laundering  is good and  wants  you do it will never care about your feature. No one could take the responsibility for you feature,  especially who  forces you to do the fucking anti-money laundering work, its a big trap. I spent many times, many effort to do this kind of fucking work, but what I am fucking got in return. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;  Doing anti-money laundering can not bring you nothing, but only suffers when you want to find a job ,it was real time costing, no enough time to do any other thing, useless to find a good job and mire you into the poverty, if you are forced to do this, there will no happiness during your school life. The average fine of anti-money laundering per financial company in China per year will not exceed the profit of a house loan in the big cities, think about it. The goverment and they will never pay attention to anti-money laundering problem, they just act as if they value it, but it is just an illusion. I really  do not understand why some people choose this direction, useless for society, useless for themselves, and useless for students. If you put the same effort on  neural networks, the pay you got is serverl times higher, both you and your advisor.  The paper included too much theories is very hard for other people to understand, include the interviewer, there are very few people could understand what I am doing, that means you can not get  any appreciation during your job interview.  You are not writing about some thing important,  which can  promote the development of society and  science , why other people should spend their time listening. Suppose you are the expert in anti-money laundering , though you do the best in the world, you can never create any dirct value for the company, your importance will never exceeds a good salesman in the company, you work harder, you are more  devoted, you are ambitious, what does it means? The company never needs such hard work in the anti-money laudering area , they needs  sales volume, needs profit, but never anti-money laundering. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I delete all of the code and dataset bacause I can not find any good job with this fucking paper, I do not want to see it any more. The paper is really time  consuming, very hard to derive some  theoretical boundary, but what I got was extremly low. When I was about graduate, I can not find any good job, My classmates who  research neural networks or do  software development find the job  with salary even 2、3 times than me, even they play more games, even they work several hours less than me every day, even I know more about computer system relatively. I spent 1.5 year on this time consuming work, too much time, no other time to learn other thinghs. So before you proceed doing anti-money laundeiring, I strongly suggest you read the following passages. I do not want see you follow my step, and get desperate when you can not find any job. Direction is more important than hard work.  If you have similar experience, please give me a star, let other people know that I am telling the truth. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I hate it, not only because it is too difficult and very time-consuming, but also because it is useless and there are few needs about it in the society, and I could predict that  in the foreseeable future, no one will pay attention to anti-money laundering, at least in China. Unlike the research brain-computer interface, though it is very difficult, the research process is full of ups and downs， it can significantly improve work efficiency and has broad application prospects.  It is still worthwhile  to do that, and the company of country are more willing to invest such research. Just search on the google scholar and see the number of cite, you will see the gap between them, not to mention neural network.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The country would rather spend billions or tens of billions of dollars to fight wars than to spend a penny on anti-money laundering. War, money laundering, and illegal property are all of the dark side of mankind. I think you should know what I am meaning. If I invade a country and plunder tens of billions of dollars, this kind of behavior is very common in the history, and it often accompanies this massacre. How to define this kind of behavior? money laundering?  murder? This behavior comes from the highest level of government, who will supervise this and gives punishment ? Those who says that the aim for doing anti-money laundering is to increase the well-being of mankind, why not go to Syria to stop the war. You spend the best age of your life doing this kind of fucking work and earn money for them, but they will never pay back equally, take care , the men who care about your feature are your parents, yourself, but never will be them. Once a problem occurs, the first thing they think of is to shirk responsibility and attribute the cause of the problem to you. Never believe any promises they have made, they are hardly to be fulfilled. 

### third：feasibility and necessity of anti-money laundering, stop doing this

&nbsp;&nbsp;Anti-money laundering is not fundmental, or prerequisite to any other business. What all company want is money, is porfit, but anti-money laundering does not create any value directly. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; If you can build a car, why choose to repair a car? Your repairment can get paied just because the car is valuable, who want to repair a car valued at 10,000, but spend 11,000? Yes, I am say about doing something that create value directly compared with the other supporting conditions. You might argue there are many job about security(supporting conditions)，and get high pay. But you need to distinguish them carefully, the basic security, such as personal safety, cyber security, is the prerequisites to all  other things, and the people protect such security always get high pay, or have great power. The army and police protect national security and personal safety enjoys great power, and the soft engineers who ensure cyber security protecting  server from attacking, customer information from leakage or financial system from being alerted get their high pay. But abnormal detection or anti-money laundering is not that case,  the purpose for doing these things is limiting them in a reasonable range, not eradicates them completely, which is totally different from security.  Not mention that some company create some abnormal  manually just for earn money， and how do you think about it? use your technology to prevent it and you boss will be very happy ?   

&nbsp;&nbsp; Anti-money laundering is an useless and worthless thing for a person who want to find a good job, and it is also worthless for a company.  Personly, I think that software development is a better choice. If you don't trust me,  see the business analysis of anti-money laundering on the top.

&nbsp;&nbsp; In many cases, anti-money laundering is not a technical issue. Suppose I am omniscient and omnipotent, knowing of all people that involved in money laundering,  and I submit the list of these people to  you, do you dare to arrest these people? Many people who are capable of doing  money  laundering are high-ranking officials, wealthy people, terrorists, underworld, and drug dealers, they all have the ability to kill you. Who wants to  get into  trouble with money, especially the financial sector. If you are interested, you can learn  what can a financial get during money laundering process.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Have you ever thought about it, money laundering is the last step of  illicit property  activity, legalizing illegal funds. Why  there is no one in care about it  while these illicit property is going on and  making dirty money?  Don’t tell me, it’s because no one is aware  of  that. The scale of money laundering is usually hundreds of millions，and there is no one aware of  such a large economic activity, are you kidding me?  But why these people don’t care about it ?   They ignore the illicit activity,  just wait for the last stage when the criminals doing money laundering, and let you find all these criminals and save the world? Why don't you report and complaint the corrupt officials around you? They are more harmful.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you think anti-money is mainly a technology problem issue ? See this page,  <url>https://www.abc.net.au/news/2018-06-04/commonwealth-bank-pay-$700-million-fine-money-laundering-breach/9831064</url>.  Commonwealth Bank got the fine because it  failed to report the 53,506 transactions， 53,506  transactions  you know?  Think about that  there are many countries and regions  which are performs as  the haven for money laundering, tax avoidance, gambling, and asset transfer directly  in the world. Normally, anti-money laundering is rule based, requires little about algorithm, it ask you to learn more about the law, not computer. Though you do the best anti-money laundering in the world, you can still be useless, no company needs such ability and never will.


I once turn to some of them for help, but they refuse and ridicule at me, I don not want the same situation happed on you, so stop doing it.  They just recommand me with the work I could got or I did not want, but they never recommand the work I should got without doing this fucking work. I once talked with them about this things the hard and upset when I want to find a job, I ever ask them for help with an imploring tone, introducing my predicament and poor state and sick family, but they ignore my voice, they even ridicule me, this did really hurt me, I still can not help but often cuss after graduating from college after so many months. Only when I graduated from school, I can write some thing here. Maybe, I was too naive, the man who could  force and trap you into such fucking work, and you still  had the fantasy that they will help you, too naive. If they helped me warmhearted at that time, I will never write any word in this article. They and me do not have the ability to research problem, so the method is this paper is odd， we can not propose any good idea after so many tries in 1.5 year time, but only  such a farfetched algorithm and explaination. The man who says anti-money laundering  is good and  wants  you do it will never care about your feature, especilly when you tell them about the fact of anti-money laundering, then you should think about your feature on yourself.  I hope you can stop doing anti-money laundering and find a good job, especially you or your family are poor. Anti-money laundering can not bring you anything, except for the suffering when you want to find a job. If you have similar fucking experience, please give me a star, let other people know that I am telling the truth.


Quoting a Chinese poem：

                                                  满纸荒唐言，一把辛酸泪。 

                                                  都云作者痴，谁解其中味。 
English version:

                                                Pages full of fantastic talk,

                                                Penned with bitter tears;

                                                All men call the author mad,

                                                None his message hears.
If you have any questions, you can post your question in the issue section. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; The source code of FlowScope is migrated into spartan2 (<https://github.com/BGT-M/spartan2-tutorials/blob/master/FlowScope.ipynb>).  I hope you never open this linking, and keep away from the fucking anti-money laundering or anomly detection, which only got suffers from these kind of fucking work. fuck, fuck, fuck.

